clutch gaming has now extended their win
streak to five and now I'm here at
clutch gaming is Peppa bin with coverage
presented by Omni / so you will now beat
CLG again last time we were in this
position you had some pretty strong
opinions about their gameplay has it
changed at all
I mean obviously the game is the most
different I think this game they played
better for sure than last game I don't
really understand why they gave me a
house here but they're questionable but
I think their draft was stealing like
not the best like I really don't like
velkoz as a champion like I think it's
just not good is his pocket pick or
something
so maybe thought it could cheese's or
something but yeah I think this game was
quite like it was quite easy for us but
I just threw the game multiple times so
they call that comeback but we still
want some so I heard you mentioned that
in your interview with awfully after the
game do you think so you think it was a
you problem or do you think it was just
maybe an overall it seemed problem maybe
it wasn't as clean as you would have
liked it overall
well obviously it's my problem to begin
with because I didn't itemize properly I
could have just bought banshee and then
they can have rain gauge for me but I
was confident that I didn't needed it
need it and I never really buy mention
last year so it was kind of new for me
but then I was at my last item was like
I can buy bench here and then I cannot
do anything but yeah the problem comes
obviously as a team like we obviously
shouldn't go in when we don't have
vision
and we shouldn't give them I engage like
that so it's kind of I could have
prevented I could have prevented it you
know but yeah the team as well I guess
I also wanted to ask you a little bit
about this huge theory that EU has some
kind of magic coming out of it because
we've seen a lot of you midlaners coming
over to na and having success including
you so far do you think there's
something special about you that really
brings out the talent in these players I
just think you has a lot of like since
the beginning of season like two three
when I started playing there was already
so many good players like Alex Rogan and
it all kind of started with this and
those were like the players you really
looked up to like the players that are
playing right now like mercs cups me
power of evil and stuff like we all were
so much worse than them but we learn
from them and then we eventually took
over you know because they grow older
and we are more hungry to win and to
play and to improve and that's kind of
like when it all started and I felt I
feel like you always had this really
good mid laners that just yeah just
other people take over right it's kind
of a generation that comes by and just
starts dominating and it's not really
stopped you know like there's always
been growth it's never stale and new
people keep coming keep getting better
so I think it's really good for you and
also for and I obviously like if you
want to move to another region then you
will be dominant there so I think it has
to do with the beginning of the midlane
in season season before so the new you
dynasty coming over to na taking over
speaking of that is there any mid laner
in na currently that you really enjoy
going up against no not specifically
I I mean obviously I like to play
against all the good players right but
it's not like I have someone
specifically like I think every mid lane
here is pretty good everyone has
different strengths different weaknesses
and I think it's more about for me it's
not that much about the one we want
anymore it's more about how we play as a
team against their team and
yeah that's what I just found more right
now all right now looking to tomorrow
you guys are facing up against cloud 9
who has consistently been second in the
standings you guys are currently third
how do you guys think or how do you
think that that game is gonna go
tomorrow
I'm really excited for the game actually
because last time we actually got really
stumped and there was not like much of a
chance like yeah so this time we
improved so much from that game and I'm
pretty sure we have a we're gonna show a
different like we're gonna show the the
clutch gaming that has been winning five
games in a row you know and we're gonna
look to take them down as well because I
actually think we have a really good
shot of beating them and I'm really
confident that we can win and even if we
lose doesn't matter because it's just
about getting to playoffs and getting as
good as possible so I hope I want to win
but I also hope that they will like show
our weaknesses to us you know even if we
lose we should learn from it so we're
really good at that
you know like losing and taking and
learning so yeah that Salt's always
about well that was really calculated
answer and I'm really excited now to see
the game tomorrow do you have anything
else you would like to say to your fans
out there yeah thank you very much for
watching
supporting us and yeah thank you for
interview I'm looking forward to next
time all right well thank you for the
interview and congratulations on today's
win good luck tomorrow and for everybody
else if you want to check out everything
else eSports um check out the channel hi
everyone sorry that interview was a
little bit awkward I'm still trying to
get my grip on things but I can
guarantee you is probably better than
Travis's interviews anyways thank you
for watching subscribe and thank you to
Omni slash for the sport